Pseudoephedrine Pseudoephedrine
Esomeprazole	NEXIUM	used for gas issues	someprazole is the S-isomer of omeprazole, which is a mixture of the S- and R- isomers. (Initial U.S. approval of esomeprazole magnesium: 2001). Its molecular formula is (C17H18N3O3S)2Mg x 3 H2O with molecular weight of 767.2 as a trihydrate and 713.1 on an anhydrous basis	
Diazepam	VALIUM	used as muscle relaxer	corn starch, pregelatinized starch and calcium stearate with the following dyes: 5-mg tablets contain FD&C Yellow No. 6 and D&C Yellow No. 10; 10-mg tablets contain FD&C Blue No. 1.	
Acetaminophen	TYLENOL	used for headache	C8H9NO2	
Minocycline	MINOCIN	use to stop infection	HCl equivalent to 50 mg or 100 mg of minocycline in microcrystalline cellulose. The capsule shells contain the following inactive ingredients: Blue 1, Gelatin, Titanium Dioxide
Haloperidol	HALDOL	mental problems	0.5 mg, 1 mg, 2 mg, 5 mg, 10 mg or 20 mg of haloperidol, USP and contains the following inactive ingredients: colloidal silicon dioxide, FD&C Yellow 
Cephalexin	KEFLEX	used for chest pain	250 mg, 500 mg or 750 mg of cephalexin. The capsules also contain carboxymethylcellulose sodium, D&C Yellow No. 10, dimethicone
Abilify	Abilify	used for mental	include cornstarch, hydroxypropyl cellulose, lactose monohydrate, magnesium stearate, and microcrystalline cellulose.
Nexium	Nexium	used for stomach pain	contains 20 mg, or 40 mg of esomeprazole (present as 22.3 mg, or 44.5 mg esomeprazole magnesium trihydrate) in the form of enteric-coated granules with the following inactive ingredients: glyceryl monostearate 40-55
Humira	Humira	used for stomach pain	adalimumab 20 mg, citric acid monohydrate 0.52 mg, dibasic sodium phosphate dihydrate 0.61 mg, 
Crestor	Crestor	used for cholesterol	adalimumab 20 mg, citric acid monohydrate 0.52 mg, dibasic sodium phosphate dihydrate 0.61 mg, 
Advair Diskus	Advair Diskus	used for asthma 	Long-acting beta2-adrenergic agonists (LABA), such as salmeterol, one of the active ingredients in ADVAIR DISKUS®, increase the risk of asthma-related death
Enbrel	Enbrel	used for arthritis	active ingredient etanercept, which is a type of medicine called a TNF blocker. It works by suppressing the process of inflammation
Remicade	Remicade	used for arthritis	The active ingredient is Infliximab. The inactive ingredients in REMICADE include: sucrose, polysorbate 80, monobasic sodium phosphate monohydrate, and dibasic sodium phosphate dihydrate. No preservatives are present.	
Cymbalta	Cymbalta	used for depression	FD&C Blue No. 2, gelatin, hypromellose, hydroxypropyl methylcellulose acetate succinate, sodium lauryl sulfate, sucrose, sugar spheres, talc,
Copaxone	Copaxone	used for multiple sclerosis	Glatiramer acetate, the active ingredient of COPAXONE, consists of the acetate salts of synthetic polypeptides, containing four naturally occurring amino acids: L-glutamic acid
Neulasta	Neulasta	used to decrease infection	pegfilgrastim in a sterile, clear, colorless, preservative-free solution containing acetate, sorbitol, polysorbate 20, and sodium.
Lantus Solostar	Lantus Solostar	used as insulant	LANTUS (insulin glargine [rDNA origin] injection) is a sterile solution of insulin glargine for use as a subcutaneous injection. Insulin glargine is a recombinant human insulin analog that is a long-acting (up to 24-hour duration of action), parenteral blood-glucose-lowering agent	
Rituxan	Rituxan	used to treat cancer	The product is formulated in polysorbate 80 (0.7 mg/mL), sodium citrate dihydrate (7.35 mg/mL), sodium chloride (9 mg/mL) and Water for Injection. The pH is 6.5.	
SpirivaHandihaler Spiriva Handihaler	used to relax muscles	tiotropium. The drug substance, tiotropium bromide monohydrate, is an anticholinergic with specificity for muscarinic 
Januvia	Januvia	used to control sugar	32.13, 64.25, or 128.5 mg of sitagliptin phosphate monohydrate, which is equivalent to 25, 50, or 100 mg, respectively,
Atripla	Atripla	used to treat HIV